The strappy ones are cute,
but I don't think they're my size.
Yeah, it's fucked up that
you can't try them on.
Yeah, you only get one shot
to steal some asshole's
fancy shoes at the
hipster bowling alley.
Ugh, these rich kids' lives are
like theme parks,
and this stupid,
ironic bowling alley
is like Poorland: The Ride.
As an actual poor person,
I resent that.
Well, I'm doing my part
sticking it to the nouveau riche
by stealing a pair of
their designer shoes.
Not that anybody at this
premiere will even notice them.
Who would have thought that
when you were shooting
a student film that one
day you'd be wearing
designer shoes on the red
carpet to promote it.
It will be excited to see
myself on the big screen.
Plus, I shot it in 2012,
so I could either be 5 pounds
thinner or 40 pounds heavier.
- Are you almost done?
- Oh, relax.
You'll be able to pick up
your horrifying saddle shoes
with glitter laces in a minute.
Let me guess, did you
get those pins on Etsy?
Were they like,
what, 15 bucks apiece?
18 bucks, and I think
they're "adorkable."
Etsy is a cult.
Except with arts and crafts
instead of group sex.
So basically camp.
The worst cult.
Hello, these are my bowling
shoes I'm returning.
I sure had a gay old
time bowling in them.
Those are mine, I think.
The Louboutins.
I lost my ticket. 9 1/2, right?
Yep,
these are definitely mine.
Oh, grow up, Millennial Velma.
♪♪ Rock Music...
♪♪
*DIFFICULT PEOPLE*
Season 03 Episode 09
Title: "Sweet Tea"
This place? You kidding me?
Some premiere.
Looks like the only red
carpet I'll be seeing
is the one I paid somebody
to wax off this afternoon.
Well, Cinnamon Challenge,
I still think it's very exciting.
Yeah, well,
you work for PBS.
You called Charlie Rose's
new hair part exciting.
Ah, that was the biggest
day in PBS history.
Left to right,
we lost two viewers.
I don't want to think
about my job,
especially now that my
responsibilities have expanded.
Now I'm listening to viewer
voicemails on the comment line.
I have to transcribe each message
and then write a report.
I'm over it, brass brad.
Well,
maybe this movie will be a hit,
and it'll be my big break,
and then I can be the
breadwinner for a while.
- I'd love it.
- Bread.
Mmm, bread.
All right,
I'll see what I can do.
- The movie's starting.
- Okay.
I still want bread,
but the movie's starting.
♪♪ Dramatic music...
♪ ♪
It was awful.
I was awful.
The movie and I were
equal in our awfulness.
Every time I think I'm getting a break,
it winds up sucking worse than the last.
- We're going to 7J.
- You know I don't like that.
What is the point of having a
drug dealer for a neighbor
if you don't take
advantage now and then?
So now I have to go to
this audition not high.
I think it's so rude your
drug dealer went to prison
without leaving any weed behind.
But he did leave 1,500
tiny baggies behind,
which I'm going to make
into dream baggies.
- What are dream baggies?
- They're my new business.
'Cause obviously this
show business thing
is not a good idea.
I've got to bring in money
somehow,
so I'm starting an Etsy store.
Listen to this description.
"Whisper your desires
into these dream baggies
and watch them become
fully realized."
And then I hashtagged it
"bridesmaids."
I think those Etsy dopes
will eat that bullshit up.
I've already sold 30.
Now I have to actually make them.
- Bye.
- Hey, Billy, Matthew.
Can one of you two glory holes finish
brewing the sweet tea? I gotta go.
Oh, Mama Goldilocks got
her dancing shoes on.
- You got a date tonight?
- How dare you think
I only dress for the
approval of men.
We're not all out here trying
to trick Dave Chappelle
- into fucking us.
- Oh, still single then, huh?
Actually
I have better after-work plans
than jerking off into an empty
box of Papa Johns cheesy bread.
Oh, okay, fine, I'll bite.
What are you doing?
- Plaster casting my hole.
- My sorority is in town.
The three girls I had
gender confirmation with,
we got pussies together.
Oh, well, that sounds more fun
than plaster casting my hole.
- Could I come?
- No.
We have reservations at Sugarfish.
No jokes.
And then tomorrow
we're doing ayahuasca
and having a sound bath.
All right, well,
plaster casting my hole it is.
Do I have an original
thought in my head?
My perfectly shaped head?
I miss gauchos.
My slender ankles are
wasted under these slacks.
Oh, stop it, Marilyn!
You've got to focus.
Ready... set...
I should get a lemon wedge.
I worked out this morning.
No,
I should put something on the page,
then reward myself
with a lemon wedge.
You can do this. It's easy.
Ready, set...
Am I caller 106?
Of course I'll repeat
the phrase that pays.
I just won four tickets
to see Barbra Streisand
and her dog perform in
concert tomorrow night.
Yes!
Sherlock this, Sherlock that.
I didn't pledge $3 to watch
Benedict Cumberbatch
and Martin Freeman not kiss!
Ugh.
I don't know how much
longer I can last at PBS
if I have to keep this up.
Well, my Etsy store is taking off.
A couple of women in Ohio
asked me to make them
some fertility amulets
and a menstruation charm.
Mom, what's wrong?
Why would you assume
something's wrong?
Because you just showed up
at my door,
- and you never do that.
- Only because your neighborhood
is awful and your apartment has fleas,
but I had to see your
face when I tell you
that we are going to
Barbra Streisand
duet with her dog tomorrow night.
Mom, you love Barbra Streisand!
And you love her dog.
I won tickets from Peri 106.9.
Light sounds and
cherry-picked news stories
for the perimenopausal woman
with style and grace.
Anyway, I won four.
You can invite Billy and a date.
Hello, Marilyn. I'd love to go.
Oh, what's all this?
- Oh, I'm crafting.
- She's crafting.
You're avoiding writing a book,
too.
Not that I'm avoiding writing a book.
How dare you suggest such a thing.
No, it just makes me happy.
I don't know, I get to spend
all day away from people
and around things that
don't talk or annoy me.
I feel as reclusive as
Richard Simmons.
Although if anybody
ever knocked on my door
hoping to make a podcast
about where I was,
I beat him within an inch of his life.
Why so hostile.
♪ ♪
Man ain't got no breasts!
Man got a penis!
The perverted homosexual spirit
is a cancer on society!
Michael Jackson died 'cause he's gay!
You, sir, are full of hate.
Prepare to be drowned out.
♪ June is busting out all over ♪
Oh, Lord, please save this man.
♪♪ Vocalizing...
My God, it's like his
singing is harmonizing
with that homophobe's point of view.
♪ Hey ♪
Hey, that song belongs to
Leslie Uggams.
Stop racially appropriating it.
- You are ruining our world!
- Hey, hey, ho,
- You are a sinner!
- Ho! Appropriation has got to go!
Hey, hey, ho, ho!
Appropriation has got to go!
Ladies and gentlemen!
I am a performance artist.
I will now be unleashing
this box of crickets
to videotape your reaction.
Oh, my God! Jesus fucking Christ!
I am so fucking over New York!
And then after the crickets,
someone pulled the emergency brake.
Why are you smiling?
Did you find pot?
I think this is just what
I look like when I'm happy.
So I take it the audition
went well?
Oh, I blew it off.
But you were so excited about it.
You were gonna be the
Progressive customer
who makes Flo cry.
I know, but then I got really
into embroidering these amulets.
Julie, what the fuck is happening?
That student film made
me realize something
that the world's been
trying to tell me.
I'm not very good.
And we don't need
another C-plus actress.
We have Lea Thompson.
So you're gonna give up
your chance
to snap Flo's headband
in order to become who?
Etsy Ross?
Etsy Ross Matthews.
Is that something?
Nope. I spent this whole year
trying to be happy and famous,
and now I realize, it's a choice.
Since I've given up on being famous,
I've never felt happier.
Well, as long as we are
pondering the imponderable,
I am officially over New York.
Every New Yorker is.
That's what we say when we
have to talk to each other.
No, I mean it.
I am over it, over it.
On my way here,
I had to walk around two rats
who were fucking and eating
a pigeon at the same time.
You gotta love The Big Apple
and our multitasking vermin.
Julie.
It's 78 degrees in L. A. Today.
But it's L. A.
Bottle episode, I did it.
I was listening to another voicemail
about how Tavis Smiley
should change his name
to Tavis Frowney, when I left
Gaby a voicemail of my own.
- I quit PBS!
- You did what?
Well, careful, Blythe,
don't eat too much
before the ayahuasca ceremony,
just enough to throw up
the contents of your stomach.
At this point, I'd make a joke
about a skinny celebrity,
but I'm not allowed
to do that anymore.
I just think we women
should support each other.
Yeah, but tell that to the
trans-exclusionary radical
feminists no-better-than-Christian-right
motherfuckers.
I say with love. I'll
go get the ayahuasca.
You girls all good on sweet tea?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Hello. Well, who's ready
to see the greatest.
Yeshiva Flatbush graduate
since the guy who sold
those junk bonds
to my sister Bonnie
and then he retired in
Cabo with all her money?
Hi, Marilyn. Thank you for
the tickets, by the way.
- Arthur, how are you?
- Oh, I've never felt more free.
I should have quit that
job a long time ago.
You mean the job
they fired you from
because of your drinking?
Either way,
you're unemployed.
Julie, I'm setting your
Jdate profile to public.
Yes, I made you a Jdate profile.
I got our supplies for lift-off.
There's buckets for vomiting,
yoga mats for lounging,
palm fronds for waving.
And, Wendy, I got you a ThunderShirt
in case you freak out again.
Ooh, sweet tea.
Mm.
Does this sweet tea taste funny?
Is something wrong
with that sweet tea?
That's the weirdest tea
I ever tasted.
What is that taste? Yeah.
I want to say lemon?
Hmm.
Uh-uh. It's definitely not lemon.
It's like persimmon,
but the finish is smoky.
Okay, you are all so dumb.
Let me see.
Chamomile.
- Chamomile?
- Yes.
I don't think that's chamomile.
- It's too tart for chamomile.
- Oh, no, she's right.
- It's chamomile.
- Thank you.
- Really?
- It's chamomile.
- I guess that's chamomile.
- That might be chamomile.
- Yeah, for sure.
- It's chamomile.
- Now I can taste it.
I know my chamomile.
You are correct. It is
chamomile, Marilyn.
Of course I am,
Arthur. Chamomile.
- Chamomile.
- Okay, I can taste it now.
I know because I love chamomile.
Has anyone seen my pitcher?
Oh, the chamomile tea.
We just drank it.
Could we make you another pitcher?
No! No, you can't, you fuckos!
That was ayahuasca.
Wait a minute.
What is ayahuasca?
It's expensive, is what it is.
You dicklicks owe us $1,100.
Come on, girls, let's go.
Somebody call 911. They
gotta pump our stomachs.
No, no, no, do not call the cops.
I have jerked off to enough
episodes of "Locked Up Abroad"
to know that if you call the
cops to report an overdose,
they're just gonna come and arrest us
for having illegal drugs.
Yes, officer, there are five of us.
We've all taken ayahuasca.
I'll describe my daughter first.
Did you ever see the nosy
neighbor in "Small Wonder"?
Well, picture her today 40 years old
with a spotty sexual past.
Hi, I'm sorry.
I'm a crazy old woman.
I dialed the wrong number.
Mayor Bloomberg, Trump Tower.
- Good-bye.
- Okay, okay.
I found a step-by-step
guide to ayahuasca
on Miley Cyrus' fan page.
Step one, small waves of euphoria.
All right, well, that's
exactly how I feel
every time I see the ending
of "Prince of Tides"
or when I look in a mirror.
Step two,
violent constant vomiting.
- Okay.
- "Smash" season two.
Step three, anxiety,
but that only lasts about
15 minutes.
Like the pre-show jitters.
Okay, I'll just do the
breathing exercises
that Michael Feinstein taught me to do
for when my mouth is full but
someone's plugging my nostrils.
And finally, eight to ten hours
of emotional, revelatory hallucinations
that confront you with
your deepest inner truth.
Oh, shit!
So now we get to go see "Chicago."
I am not downgrading from
ayahuasca to watching
some washed-up TV actress
sing "All That Jazz."
Sisters, I don't feel
right leaving them alone
to trip without a guide.
It doesn't seem very
Sigma Delta Burka.
I will not play shaman to
those fucking assholes.
- They stole our drugs.
- Ritual medicine.
We can start them
on their journey.
Once we know they'll be fine,
we'll go.
Never forget the
Sigma Delta Burka pledge.
Always help others
and never go on CNN
to discuss Caitlyn Jenner.
Fine, okay.
Let's go back.
♪♪ Rock Music...
Breathe in and breathe out.
This is now a sacred space.
Begging pardons.
Just let it go.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You have 10,704 new messages.
Why did you stop making
"Mr. Selfridge"?
We need closure.
And come on, Arthur.
Jupiter, Florida?
What happened to
your hopes and dreams?
Why do you bother, Arthur?
Why do you Arthur bother?
♪♪ Kenny Rogers "Just dropped in" begins...
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, oh yeah ♪
♪ What condition my condition was in ♪
♪♪
♪ I woke up this morning ♪
♪ With the sundown shining in ♪
♪♪
♪ I found my mind in a
brown paper bag within ♪
♪♪
♪ I tripped on a cloud and
fell-a eight miles high ♪
♪ I tore my mind on a jagged sky ♪
♪ I just dropped in to
see what condition... ♪
Noodles, we're in that
movie you made me watch.
Shh. You're ruining it.
Like so many other dudes
have done
over the years by quoting it.
♪ Was in ♪
♪♪
♪ I pushed my soul in a deep dark hole ♪
♪ And then I followed it in ♪
♪♪
♪ I watched myself
crawling out as I was... ♪
Are you taking control of my trip?
I'm the destination.
♪ I got up so tight
I couldn't unwind... ♪
My job doesn't matter.
I do it to take care of you.
Enough about "Chicago" all right?
It's never gonna close.
You can see it anytime.
That's easy for you to say.
You live here.
I suggested "Chicago" months ago.
Do you guys even read my emails?
Wendy,
nobody reads your emails.
They're too long. Way too long.
I don't need your cat recipes.
This lady's burning up.
♪♪ Tribal Music...
♪♪
♪♪ Classical music plays...
Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn,
you are you.
♪ ♪
Anything catch your eye, Marilyn?
There's nothing here. I
don't know what to do.
But you're Marilyn.
Just bring Marilyn to
everything you Marilyn.
♪ ♪
Marilyn.
Thank Marilyn you wrote this Marilyn.
♪ ♪
Marilyn had writer's block
till Marilyn remembered
she's Marilyn.
Thank you, Marilyn.
♪ ♪
♪ Marilyn ♪
♪ Marilyn is Marilyn ♪
♪ Hey-ay ♪
♪ Marilyn ♪
I'm just saying,
there are edgier shows
on Broadway than "Chicago."
Don't be a snob.
Oh, Matthew's going in deep.
- Hi.
- Really deep.
Oh, hi.
♪♪ Orchestral Music...
♪♪
I spend all year around
these people I hate.
This is the one weekend
I actually look forward to,
'cause you bitches mean
something to me.
Aww, Lo.
So if seeing "Chicago"
means that much to you,
let's go see it.
I don't wanna fight.
I love you, girls.
Awww.
The following was filmed
in front of a live studio audience.
On May 18th,
Billy Epstein was asked
to remove himself
from his place of residence.
That request came from
Northwestern University.
With nowhere else to go,
he appeared at the
home of New York City.
Whoa-oh-oh! What's up, roomie?
Put it there, buddy.
Can one gay man
live with New York City
without driving each other crazy?
Mm, that's good.
That's good and that's good.
New York, get off my bed.
Where else am I gonna whack
it to cream pie videos
and eat mozzarella sticks, huh?
These cost, like, 78 bucks.
No really,
I just worked a double shift.
I need to take a nap.
Um, Billy, maybe you
didn't get the memo.
I'm the city that never sleeps.
Well, could you also be the
city that takes a shower?
- What is that smell?
- Rat cum.
Look, we've had some good times,
and I will always love you,
but I need some space.
Space? Okay,
let's go to Central Park.
Come on, there will be like
87,000 tourists there.
Someone will throw a
football at your head.
It's a given.
Oh, how 'bout
we go to the movie theater?
You know,
the one with the bedbugs?
Oh wait,
they all have bedbugs. Open.
Open. There you go.
Would this be the wrong
time to tell you
that our rent just went up?
Ugh!
Julie! Oh, thank God.
I was stuck in a re-reboot
of "The Odd Couple."
It was a nightmare.
I mean, not as bad as the
Matthew Perry thing,
but, wait,
why are you in my trip?
I actually think you're in mine,
because I definitely
don't own this dress.
Cool!
We're tripping together.
♪ Julie ♪
♪ Isn't it nice making mice
out of velvet and wire ♪
♪ Just throw all my dreams in the fire ♪
♪ Julie, for once I'm not stressed ♪
♪ See it's just me and
Etsy, don't spoil it ♪
♪ Flush my career down the toilet ♪
♪ Think of the Whos down in Whoville ♪
♪ All happy and singing ♪
♪ I'm thinking of
grasping and clinging ♪
♪ Maybe it's just who I am ♪
♪♪
♪ What's a life ♪
♪ Without pushing and
clawing and striving ♪
♪ Come on Julie, you're
barely surviving ♪
♪ On your way but
you're never arriving ♪
♪♪
♪ What a waste ♪
♪ All those improv and open mic hours ♪
♪ You mean crying and
screaming and showers ♪
♪ Well it's better than
macramé hammocks ♪
♪ And pipe cleaner flowers ♪
♪♪
♪ Julie ♪
♪ God never sends us a challenge ♪
♪ He thinks we can't handle ♪
♪ Oh go fuck a nice scented candle ♪
♪ Julie ♪
Die! Die, you dumb, happy bitch!
I am so glad we unintentionally
did ayahuasca.
Yeah,
I learned so much about myself.
- Me too.
- Shut up, Matthew.
Are you still thinking
about moving to L. A.?
Why? Do you think I should?
I can't answer that. That
has to be your choice.
Are you still thinking about
giving up show business
to keep crafting?
Does that sound dumb?
I can't answer that.
It has to be your choice.
Okay, let's both answer
at the same time.
Am I going to craft and be happy
or stay miserable
pursuing a comedy career?
And I actually gonna go to L.
A. And leave New York?
One, two, three.
- I'm gonna leave.
- I'm gonna stay.
I'm just... scared to find out
what would happen to me
- if I actually became happy.
- And I'm scared to find out
what would happen to me if
I didn't leave New York.
Okay, let's get you
an apartment in L. A.
Let's go get you that audition back.
♪♪ Upbeat rock music...
Am I the only one who's so horny?
♪ ♪
I think it's worn off.
I need to erase that
voicemail so I can un-quit.
Who cares?
I need to write the
greatest book ever written.
And forget to drink plenty of fluids
and take folic acid,
and go see "Chicago."
Turns out it's still
running for a reason.
You know, we learned
more about ourselves
watching Patrick Warburton sing
"All I Care About is Love"
than we ever would have
tripping our tits off
some Peruvian herb.
♪♪ Cheerful Music...
♪♪
Thank you for letting me
come back.
I missed this audition
yesterday because, well,
I've been trying for a
long time to get happy,
and I've tried everything:
Medication, meditation, facial filler.
But the one thing that
worked was giving up
on the only thing I've always
known I've wanted to do.
Look,
I may not be a great performer,
and because I do comedy,
I will always be on
the misery spectrum,
but... this is what I do,
and this is who I am.
I am an unhappy person,
but the alternative is being
somebody I don't know,
and that is terrifying.
So I made a decision.
I am happy to be unhappy.
Thank you.
This isn't a casting office,
is it?
You're back, Marilyn.
You are back.
All right, stay in the flow.
♪ Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn ♪
Maybe I should have a treat.
I deserve an ice cube.
Then I'll get this done.
Friday, 3:55 P. M.
I hate Charlie
Rose's new hair part.
It's too rock and roll. Change it back!
Next message. Friday, 3:56 P. M.
Gaby, it's Arthur.
You want voicemail?
Here's a fucking voicemail.
I quit, you goddamn...
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
Arrivederci, crafty Julie.
Rinsed off too many garbage
can chocolate bars
to know what
I can't keep in my house.
Well, let's hurry this up.
This block is bringing back too
many sweet New York Memories
of all the anonymous sex I've
had behind this dumpster.
How's your L. A. Apartment search
going?
Ugh,
I can't search until I get approval
from one of these L.A.
Apartment listing websites.
I had to send them a
link to my IMDB page,
plus seven references, including
two from Scientologists.
Well, I could fake Juliette
Lewis's signature.
I just need three muscle
relaxers and a crayon.
Oh!
♪ Thought it'd be easy ♪
♪ Thought they didn't know ♪
♪ You thought it was
the only way to go ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Another way out ♪
♪ Found on the way home ♪
♪ Thought you were living fast ♪
♪ But you were living slow ♪
♪♪
La la la. Oh, my God.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org